<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
          "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Fira+Sans" rel="stylesheet" />
    <link href="style.css" rel="stylesheet" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <nav>
      <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a> |
      About |
      <a href="documents.xhtml">Documents</a> |
      <a href="contact.xhtml">Contact</a>
      <a id="github" href="https://github.com/ElectricCoffee/electriccoffee.github.io">Fork Me On GitHub!</a>
    </nav>
    <div class="body">
      <h1>About Me</h1>
      <div class="box">
        <p>
          Hello, Earth! <br />
          My name's Nikolaj Lepka. <br />
          I'm currently a student at Aalborg University, where I'm taking my master's degree in Computer Science.
        </p>
        <h2 id="curriculum-vitae">Curriculum Vitæ</h2>
        <h3 id="work-experience">Work Experience</h3>
        <h4 id="panbo">October 2015 to ??? &mdash; Website Administrator, Panbo Bjælkehuse</h4>
        <p>
          My role as the web-admin is to add or remove pages, edit text and information, and make sure everything looks nice on <a href="http://panbo.dk">panbo.dk</a>. <br />
          I'm the replacement for a former employee who made the page in WordPress.
        </p>
        <h4 id="teaching-assistant">October 2016 to January 2017 &mdash; TA in Imperative Programming, Aalborg University</h4>
        <p>
          As a teaching assistant (TA) my job was to help the students during the problem solving sessions. <br />
          Pointing them in the right direction when it came to the programming tasks. <br />
          The Imperative Programming course uses <em>ANSI C</em> as its programming language of choice, and being a TA requires a certain level of understanding of the source material.
        </p>
        <h4 id="campaya">March 2014 to June 2014 &mdash; Intern at Campaya</h4>
        <p>
          My job at Campaya was to help them develop the <em>ASP.NET</em> back-end for their website. <br />
          Campaya is a summer home rental service, which focuses on providing a unified front-end for many other such services. <br />
          This in part meant that most of my time there was spent hooking up their back-end to the APIs of the other rental companies, so as to have access to their database of homes.
        </p>
        <h3 id="education">Education</h3>
        <h4 id="bachelor">September 2014 to June 2017 &mdash; Bachelor in Software Engineering, Aalborg University</h4>
        <p>
          The Software Engineering Bachelor at Aalborg University focuses on a mix between the practical and the theoretical. <br />
          Over the course of the education, I've had courses spanning topics from <em>Linear Algebra</em>, <em>Compiler Theory</em>, and <em>Computer Architecture</em> to <em>Computability &amp; Complexity</em>, <em>Machine Intelligence</em>, and <em>Database Theory</em>. <br />
          Each semester has had a large project, that has been rooted in the courses taught during that semester.
        </p>
        <h4 id="academic-profession">January 2012 to June 2014 &mdash; Academic Profession in Computer Science, Erhvervsakademiet Lillebælt</h4>
        <p>
          The Academic Profession degree in Computer Science (called <em>"Datamatiker"</em> in Denmark) is a strange one. <br />
          Academic Professions don't really exist outside of Denmark, but basically they're semi-short (2&frac12; years) education that is practically oriented, ending in an internship. <br />
          The AP degree in Computer Science teaches <em>Object-Oriented Programming</em>, <em>Database Management</em>, <em>Software Engineering</em>, and more.
        </p>
        <h4 id="secondary">August 2019 to June 2011 &mdash; Secondary Education, Learnmark Horsens HTX</h4>
        <p>
          My secondary education (US: <em>High School</em>, UK: <em>Secondary School</em>, DK: <em>Gymnasium</em>) had primary classes in Mathematics, Physics, and Mechatronics, aside from the standard slew of classes. <br />
          The school changed names three times while I was there, starting as <em>Vitus Bering HTX</em>, then <em>VIA University College HTX</em>, then <em>Learnmark Horsens HTX</em>.
        </p>
        <h3 id="professional-qualifications">Professional Qualifications</h3>
        <table>
          <tr><td>.NET</td><td>C#</td><td>ASP.NET</td><td>WPF/XAML</td></tr>
          <tr><td>HTML</td><td>CSS</td><td>Sass/SCSS</td><td>LESS</td></tr>
          <tr><td>JavaScript</td><td>CoffeeScript</td><td>Node.js</td><td>Angular 1</td></tr>
          <tr><td>Java</td><td>Scala</td><td>C++98/C++11</td><td>C/ANSI C</td></tr>
          <tr><td>Erlang/Elixir</td><td>Haskell</td><td>Golang/Go</td><td>Lisp/Scheme</td></tr>
          <tr><td>MySQL</td><td>PostgreSQL</td><td>MS SQL Server</td><td>SQLite</td></tr>
          <tr><td>Software Engineering</td><td>System Development</td><td>Requirement Specifications</td><td>Software Development</td></tr>
          <tr><td>Coding</td><td>Entity Relationship</td><td>UML</td><td>LaTeX</td></tr>
          <tr><td>Visual Studio</td><td>Xcode</td><td>Eclipse IDE</td><td>IntelliJ Idea</td></tr>
          <tr><td>Microsoft Office</td><td>iWork</td><td>Open/Libre Office</td><td>Google Docs</td></tr>
          <tr><td>SketchUp</td><td>Blender</td><td>Paint.NET</td><td>InkScape</td></tr>
        </table>
        <h3 id="professional-profile">Professional Profile</h3>
        <p>
          My fellow students at the various educational institutions often describe me as being very technically capable. <br />
          I'm usually the one they ask to help when it comes to programming, most often when it comes to C, C#, or Scheme. <br />
          I'm often described as a walking dictionary, especially when it comes to English. <br />
          Besides that, I'm self-taught in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, and have over the years played with other programming languages, such as (but not limited to) Haskell, Scala, Erlang, Racket, and Go.
        </p>
      </div>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
